ABOUT THE AUTHOR

My name is Naomi Tavares, my passion for language has led me to both
studying the techniques for the development of language learning ​as well as to
making my first foray into the world of writing, with the creation of this fantastic
work of literature. With it, I hope to kickstart a fascinating saga in which the
reader can enjoy the adventures from the character of Alexandra while
empathizing with the profound underlying message that I want to portray.

For this work I relied on the collaboration of my mother, Silvia González, who
has several books published in the genre of short stories and who has
provided me with her experience and assistance on the steps which were
necessary to turn this project into a reality.




                                               1
ACKNOWLEDGMENTS

To my family, for their unconditional support and help, without which this project
would not have been possible.




                                              2
INDEX



- INTRODUCTION ................................................................. 4

- -THE MISSION- ................................................................. 12

- -THE FOREST OF THE FAIRIES- ...................... .............. 20

- -THE BEASTS- ..................................... ..............................27

- -THE DECEPTION OF THE LAKE- ........................ ........... 35

- -THE WELCOME AT THE RAJASIC KINGDOM- ...............45

- -THE MYSTERY OF THE FRUIT OF MITHYA- .................. 55

- -THE FIREFLIES- ............................... ................................ 63

- -THE DISAPPEARANCE OF LEVIT- ................................... 72

- -THE VALLEY OF OBLIVION- ..............................................77

- -THE POWER OF THE TRUTH -.......................................... 85




                                                            3
INTRODUCTION

To understand this story it is necessary to go back to its origin. To do this, we'll
go back billions of years to a moment in history in which every living being was
fully aware of their divine nature and all lived under the constant vibration of
love, but this wouldn't be the case for much longer.

These beings, who in principle were full of light and love, had then begun to
abuse their powers and rights as children of the creator, thereby establishing
chaos and disorder in the Universe.

Bhraman, the supreme God decided to end this situation in a very ingenious
way, he hid the divine powers in a place where he knew that very few would
seek them ... the interior of each being.

After this act, the divine projections that at some point had been fused with the
entirety, were now lost and disoriented wandering around the universe
aimlessly.


                                               4
But not all was lost for mankind, Bhraman placed three magic drops on the
tongues of each one of these humans which would produce an never-ending
thirst, so that sooner or later they could find their way back home.

From this moment duality was established and with it, two new kingdoms
originated, Prema and Kali, and were ruled by two queens who adopted the
names of these two regions, Queen Prema and Queen Kali.

Both kingdoms were looking for an effective remedy for their relentless thirst,
but what made them different were the paths they chose to remedy from this
evil of which no one could escape.

On the one hand, in the kingdom of Prema the sovereign had established laws
from the beginning to be able to help her citizens overcome the obstacles that
were now part of their lives. The queen dictated some rules and ensured that
they were enforced in all homes, these were based on respecting the now most
precious asset of their nature, water. She set a




5
daily amount of its consumption for each family, making sure enough that its
consumption wasn't abused and as if this resource was only obtained in a non-
aggressive or excessive manner, avoiding damaging Nature and the
environment that surrounded them. If there is something that Queen Prema had
understood in this whole affair, it's that the abuse of power from mankind had
engendered this evil and, therefore, there was only one way to eradicate it.
Hereafter, everything would be based on moderation, respect and gratitude
towards Mother Nature who so pleasantly shared her riches.

She built reservoirs and canals to be able to store the precious commodity as to
then manage it to each household in a consistent and respectful way.

All citizens were obliged to work united so that this new way of life was
successfully established in the region, and little by little, almost without realizing
it, peace and unity reigned in this town again. But what was exactly the reason
for this? Very simple, as time went by, citizens got their bodies accustomed to
receiving only small amounts of

                                                6
water which they savored, appreciated and thanked in each sip. With this
method, their needs began to decrease almost magically, each time they were
able to quench their thirst with lesser amounts of water and in parallel to this,
they were satiating themselves with something they had forgotten they had,
love.

The perfect plan of the queen to make them understand that they all had the
same needs and that they could only be solved with joint collaboration caused
them to grow and develop again as part of a whole, a whole that also based its
main function on respect and the harmony among their fellow men and women
and towards the generous Mother Nature.

Left behind were the abuses of power and the selfish aggrandizement of
beings in these lands, now, as it had been initially, peace reigns in Prema and
what once seemed to be a bitter medicine had become an unprecedented
remedy.

But the queen of Prema didn't enjoy complete peace, since her earliest
youth she had the


                                              7
power to rule through magical and revealing dreams which had always served
as her most unconditional guides, this is where the kingdom of Kali enters our
story, Queen Prema had seen in a dream how her neighbors of Kali were
drowning in their own thirst because their Sovereign had been immersed in fear
and anguish, accumulating large amounts of water only for herself, water from
which she couldn't stop drinking since the more she ingested, the more she
seemed to need, and little by little she found herself wrapped in a circle from
which she was unable to get out of.

On the other hand, her people had been left abandoned after the queen's
upheavals, they fought among themselves to seize all the water that they found
in their path for themselves regardless of how they achieved it, despite this
having the devastating consequences in places that had been rich treasured of
water turning them into huge dry arid deserts.

Chaos now reigned in the kingdom of Kali, everything was allowed as long as it
quenched thirst, but



                                            8
far from quenching, it got stronger and powerful each time.

Queen Prema knew that the citizens of her neighboring kingdom had not
attempted to assault her because they were unable to cross the arid deserts
which they'd created themselves, and she was aware they'd survive only if she
helped them.

For this reason, she began to send messengers from the kingdom of Prema to
cross the desert and reach up the palace of Queen Kali to reveal the secret with
which her people could re-emerge, but mysteriously these people never
returned, and nobody knew the reason why. This made Prema to reign in the
uncertainty and the discomfort, and the family and friends of the sent
messengers to gather at the palace to ask the queen to find a way to get them
home as early as possible.

That same night the queen went to bed early and wholeheartedly asked for an
answer to be granted in her dreams that would meet the needs of her people.



                                             9
Soon she fell into a deep sleep and the revealing answers began to
emerge.

In the first place she observed what had been the destination of the sent
messengers, she saw how they crossed these deserts smoothly despite the
fatigue and thirst that the trip produced, then they got in the palace of Queen
Kali and she offered them jugs and jugs of water in exchange for the precious
message that they promised to bring, the envoys drank all the water as the trip
through the scorching desert was hard, but after ingesting it they seemed to
forget everything they came to say, what's more, they got into a state of
intoxication from which it was impossible for them to get out of and they were
trapped in Kali without knowing how, when or why they were there.

But this wasn't all that Queen Prema received that night in dreams, she had to
call upon a specific family from her lands to undertake the mission in Kali as
briefly as possible, but this time, there was a condition, they couldn't cross the
desert road, they had to travel through the unknown places that no mortal had
traversed



                                              10
till this day to reach Kali.




                               11
CHAPTER I

-THE MISSION-

My name is Alexandra, I was born in the city of Sathya part of the kingdom of
Prema, I'm the first of three siblings and until today I'd never gone through any
difficulty and I lived quietly in our peaceful lands, it all began that day when the
queen's subjects came looking for us.

That morning, as usual, I was teaching the youngest of my brothers, Levit, he
was a very serene and sweet boy so I always found it very satisfying. At that
same moment there was a knock on the door, I got up hurriedly and looked
through the peephole, it was the figure of what seemed to be a messenger from
the queen, so I opened the door without a second thought.

-Good morning young lady, I am an envoy of the queen, I have come here to
inform you that the queen needs all your family to come to the palace tomorrow
at twelve noon, it is a matter of the utmost importance.-
                                              12
-Of course, tell the queen that we will be delighted to attend her
appointment tomorrow.-

The messenger nodded and said goodbye politely wishing me a good day,
then I watched as he took off in a white chariot pulled away by a beautiful
swan, I shut the door and went back to the small room where my brother was
waiting for me.

-Who was it?- - asked Levit

-It was a palace messenger, he came to inform us that the queen needs to talk
to us-

-What do you think it will be for?-

-The messenger told me it was an important matter but gave me no further
details.-

My brother kept silent and thoughtful until Sem, the middle brother, arrived. He
was nine years old, a very cheerful and lively child, and possessed an acute
intelligence. He rushed in and shut the door forcefully.




                                             13
-I'm back!- - He said shouting as he raised Levit up to his shoulders and they
both went to their room.

After spending a few minutes reflecting, I decided to come out to the garden to
pick up the vegetables needed to prepare lunch. When I was finishing putting
the tomatoes in the basket, I heard my mother's voice calling out my name.

-Alexandra, where are you? I'm home.-

My mother used to repeat this phrase every day each time she returned from
the market where she worked selling the products she grew in our garden. She
was a serene woman, never raised her voice, and the education that she gave
us was based on humility or wisdom.

I ran to the door to enter the house with her and, still with the doorknob in
hand, I began to tell her about the visit of the queen's envoys in detail.




                                              14
-So you're telling me that we have to be at the palace at twelve noon, and they
didn't tell you why?-

-He just highlighted that it was an important matter-

-Well, your father is about to arrive, let's prepare lunch and talk with
him while we eat-

My father was an important art master of the elements, he was known
throughout the entire city for the well-doing of his teachings. He taught classes
near the lake, in a center that bore his same name, -Elías-, which was attended
by students from all parts of our kingdom.

Everything that happened with the water had made our people understand that
knowledge, respect and knowing how to work with the five elements: water,
fire, earth, air and ether, was fundamental for the education of our young
people.

At two o'clock on the dot my father returned and my mother and I told him the
news as our lunch progressed. We agreed to set out early the next morning as
we would have


                                              15
to go through many miles to reach the palace.

I could barely sleep that night, I stayed up staring at the starlight through the
window, and soon, almost without realizing it, it turned into the bright light of
dawn.

It was time to prepare to leave. At eight in the morning we were all aboard the
family carriage where I was quickly overcome by sleep. I don't know how much
time passed, I had been immersed in my deepest dreams, until my restless
brother Sem woke me up shaking my shoulders as he repeated:

-Alexandra wake up, we've reached the palace!-

We walked a few meters until we reached a huge wooden door that had
numerous ornaments carved in it and bright inlays of stones so beautiful that
my sight couldn't part with them, it was the most impressive thing I'd seen so
far in all my life, but suddenly the door opened and it was followed by a myriad
of beautiful things,

                                              16
starting with the well-polished marble floor, similarly to the walls, the carpets
embroidered in gold thread and the most impressive and beautiful statues . The
palace door was just a showcase of all the wonders that could be visualized
inside. In contrast, in the background we could see the figure of the queen
dressed in simple white robes and dressed in a simple but charming crown of
natural flowers.

We got closer little by little while Prema received us with a serene look and a
soft smile framed on her lips. We saluted her with a bow of our head and she,
with a gesture, invited us to take a seat on the cushions that were placed on the
precious carpet.

The queen didn't beat around the bush and soon brought us up to date on
everything that had happened.

-I sent for you this morning because we are all very aware of the problems that
our neighbors of the Kali kingdom are facing, and also the disappearance of the
messengers that I have sent so far.
                                               17
Well, tonight I have learned that your family has been chosen to undertake this
mission, but this time with a series of conditions that make it different from what
we had previously tried.

I have learned that Queen Kali is suffering from the evil of confusion due to her
insatiable thirst and that all of our messengers have become disoriented in her
kingdom after drinking from this same chalice. For this reason, you will have to
go through a different path to get there, our people have never crossed these
lands, because the legends told by our great-grandparents already warned us
of the dangers that these roads lurked, but I have received this information as a
valuable treasure : Those born to overcome these difficulties are yourselves,
and whether you succeed or not in this mission both the kingdom of Kali and
ours depend upon, given that in the future all humanity must be regulated by the
only laws of respect and balance.

In order to cross the first kingdom from the path called -Tamasic-, I will equip
you with the following weapons and armor so that you can face the
                                                 18
struggles, if you manage to overcome this kingdom, you will be able to leave
them there, as they will no longer be necessary to cross the next one, which is
known by the name of -Rajasic- and in which the way to battle will be different, I
can only tell you that this place which -Not all it's as it seems-, perhaps at first
glance it looks like the battle is over, but listen to me carefully when I warn you
that it will have only just begun.




                                              19
CHAPTER II

-THE FOREST OF THE FAIRIES-

Following the indications of the queen, we left the palace in a great royal
carriage guided by two swans, this would lead us to the exit of Prema, where
they would return to the palace and our adventure would begin on foot.

It didn't take us long to reach the gates of the first kingdom that we had to cross,
close to the entrance gate there was a sign that said:

-Welcome to Tamasic, the realm of relaxation and pleasure.-

The fence was rusty and made a shrill noise when my father pushed it so we
could all access. As soon as we got in our shoes got stuck in the abundant
mud, it was very difficult to walk, so we followed in the footsteps of my father
who guided us, observing the course of the elements in search of some place
where we could find vegetation and ensuring with this a more suitable and
secure environment for survival.


                                              20
After about an hour walking we finally found a place where it was very nice,
there was substantial grass and large trees that could give us shelter to
withstand the scorching heat of the sun. We made the first stop right under the
shade of a beech tree and got ready to sit for a while so that above all the little
ones could rest.

The moments of tranquility were scarce, soon we began to feel an
indescribable sensation of hunger, it was something atrocious, it seemed as if
some invisible force was strangling our guts. Levit lost control, the little boy
began to cry and scream as he kicked against the trunk of the great tree while
squirming grabbing his stomach with his small hands.

Narayana, that's how my mother was called, ran quickly to satisfy the little one
with a piece of candy that she kept in her backpack for the journey. Levit began
to swallow it anxiously, almost without chewing, it was the first time in his life
that he had to face such excruciating pain.

                                              21
We all started to get weak from feeling hungry, so my mother decided to
distribute the rest of the cake to the whole family. After finishing eating I felt
relieved but really tired and asked my mother to give me some water so I could
recover. She didn't answer my request, under the eyes of my surprise she had
fallen asleep in broad daylight, like my two little brothers, then I looked over at
my father who was stunned looking at the scene and when we both crossed our
eyes which I recall, the last thing I could perceive, the weight of my eyelids got
the better of me, leaving me plunged into the deepest and most pleasurable
sleep.

I don't know how long it was, but it was still daylight, my mother was the first to
wake up and she brought us all in so that we could continue the trip, now there
was a priority, we'd consumed our food too quickly, we had to find more if we
wanted this mission to survive.

After walking a few minutes something caught our attention, it was the sound
of bells, it came from

                                              22
branches of a tree that my mother moved away carefully to see what it was. We
were all speechless, it was a little fairy who looked at us with a charming smile
and gestured with her little hands inviting us to accompany her.

It flew over to the next tree, a beautiful apple tree full of fruits, and right next to
it, an orange tree filled with the brightest oranges I'd ever seen, then I looked
around and realized that that paradise was full of exquisite and delicious varied
fruit trees of all kinds.

My two little brothers were the first to climb to eat while the sweet fairy sang a
fascinating song. As we listened to the melody, the feeling of tiredness
overcame us again and after having eaten from several fruit trees we fell again
surrendered to sleep.




                                                23
I opened my eyes, I don't know if at the minute, at the hour or two hours, I
remember thinking that it couldn't have been alot long because it was still
daylight.

As we woke up, there were hundreds of fairies who gestured with their little
hands so that we could enjoy the juicy fruits of that forest, but then my father
made a dismissive gesture with his head, something was wrong, being a master
in the art of elements, he knew Nature as if it were his own body.

- What's wrong, Elias? asked my mother.

-When we arrived I observed the course of the river and mentalized several
points to be able to draw a map and not get lost if we had to return, but it is
impossible that the water channel has risen to the extent of disappearing these
points, which were nothing more than large rocks that were left in the open river,
it hasn't rained and the night hasn't come either, time is not passing the same
way for Nature as it is for us-

Then he turned abruptly and looked at the rest of the landscape that he had
memorized, how was it possible that the exact same trees precisely similar but

                                             24
with less and less fruit surrounded us each time we tried to go further? Then he
looked at us fixedly and said:

-We have been going around in circles for several days led by these fairies,
days that are devoid of their corresponding nights and that is why they keep us
here as if time doesn't pass, we're trapped in a circle of food and sleep from
which we must flee as quickly as possible if we don't want to throw away the
rest of our lives here. Narayana quick, you take little Levit, I'll help Sem walk
faster and you Alexandra, be strong, we've got to get far away from here and
be able to fight the needs for food and resting for sometime, only then will we
be able to get out of this prison-.

They were endless hours, but somehow I felt comforted as night fell around us,
we fought against hunger and fatigue and in the end, we won the battle. After a
full day's journey dawn returned again, and with it, new lands were illuminated
in which again, new Nature granted us food and shelter, but unlike before, our
bodies were

                                             25
strengthened by adversity and these two elements; hunger and fatigue, they
would never succeed in deceiving us again throughout the entire journey.




                                          26
CHAPTER III

-THE BEASTS-

The vision of a new landscape made us regain our spirits, we rested a little and
while the little ones played running around the surroundings, my mother took
care of collecting and storing in her backpack only the necessary food to
continue the trip .

My father carefully studied the elements of the terrain and drew a map that
would serve as a guide in order to cross what was left of the journey through the
most passable trails.

After the short break we resumed our march and cautiously followed each of the
steps my father had drawn on his map. They appeared to be inhabited lands as
there were signs of crops and remains of what appeared to have been straw
huts. We concluded that the beings that inhabited the lands were nomads who
left their perishable straw homes as soon as the survival resources of the place
were exhausted.


                                            27
Suddenly we realized that Sem had withdrawn from the group, he always
behaved in a restless and carefree manner and never showed any fear in his
young and vigorous body. He was playing with a branch in his hand and
seemed unaware of his irresponsible behavior.

We started calling for him to come back to us, but he was too far away and
distracted to hear us. This forced us to get off track and run to find my brother
before he could get lost in the thick forest.

Soon we were able to catch up with him and after realizing what had happened
he lowered his head and asked for forgiveness, he hadn't realized the deviation
on the track, but it was far too late, the steps that Sem had followed in the thick
forest along with the darkness that was already beginning to own the place, it
made it impossible for us to resume the path that my father had traced. Then
we took opportunity to rest and decided that resume the march when the



                                             28
the light of dawn illuminated the forest again.

We were almost on the brink of falling asleep when we heard a tremendous
commotion in the surroundings. My mother placed her finger onto her lips
indicating that we should remain silent and hastened to erase with her feet the
signs of the fire that we had lit. She quickly took the two little ones and set them
up on the nearest tree branch, thereafter she crouched next to us, hiding behind
the bushes. The noise got closer and closer until we began to sight huge
silhouettes approaching the river where we had camped. The silhouettes soon
became huge figures, they were half human and half beast, and like a great
army they seized with chains and gags at beings that in proportion seemed
much more fragile and small in terms of their physical scale.

The beasts came to a halt and began to drink water from the river with
enormous tongues that revealed some threatening, sharp fangs when they
moved. The weakest creatures

                                              29
began to emit sounds as they could, through the jaws that silenced their
mouths. They were clearly crying out to the beasts for some water, but instead
of providing them water, they whipped their backs in fierce rage as they yanked
on their chains to get back on the track.

Fear had our bodies paralyzed and we remained motionless until everyone
left and we were able to leave our hiding places.

Then Sem, who had always had a warrior aspect in his being, came running to
our father and with clenched fists and tears in his eyes he said to my father:

-We have to rescue those creatures from those horrible beasts father, it is our
obligation, the queen endowed us with weapons and armor to face the dangers
of this kingdom and we cannot close our eyes to such injustices-

My father stared at him and grabbing him firmly by the shoulders replied:


                                            30
-My son, we don't know the circumstances that have led these creatures to
behave like this, and although it is true that the attitude of the beasts is
deplorable, it's also true that this isn't our fight, it would divert us from the main
objective of our mission for which we don't have much time and we would
thereby disobey the explicit orders of our Queen Prema. We must continue our
journey and trust that, with time and the evolution of these creatures, their
circumstances may improve-.

Sem was puzzled by our father's response and, far from seeing the wisdom
that his speech contained, he found in his words qualities that he never thought
he could ever possess, cowardice and lack of compassion.

Sorrow then invaded Sem's heart, or perhaps it was his mind that invaded,
forcing him to make the least appropriate decision. He outlined his plan that
same night, he'd grab his armor and his spear when everyone was asleep and
would run to unchain the slaves from the beasts so that he could form an army
and defeat while they enjoyed their



                                                31
Heavy sleep. It was a perfect plan, it couldn't fail.

Soon we all fell asleep and Sem ran to implement his improvised plan.

Luckily, my mother enjoyed a very light sleep and discovered the absence of
my brother minutes after he had fled, she woke us all immediately and
distributed the weapons and armor that the queen had provided us, we put
them on and ran quickly to look for Sem. This time it was her who led the
group trying to follow my brother's footsteps carefully.

When we arrived it was too late, Sem was already in the beasts' camp and was
removing the shackle that seized one of the slaves with the tip of his spear, as
soon as he managed it he hastened to remove the gag that covered his mouth.
But what was his great surprise! Right after removing his gag, the puny creature
showed huge fangs and long snakelike tongue, the creature squirmed as it
lunged toward my




                                               32
brother trying to stab his sharp fangs at him. Fortunately, despite his dazed
state, my brother had incredible reflexes and was able to avoid the bite.

It took Sem only a few seconds to realize the huge mistake and he ran to leave
the village as soon as possible, we both collided head-on and with a push I put
him to safety along with little Levit.

My parents and I ran to remedy the error before it was too late, while my mother
was attracting the attention of the creature by shooting arrows with her bow, my
father and I managed to reduce it from behind and gagged it again so that it
couldn't awake the rest of the beasts, we kept it restrained at the same tree
where Sem had found her so as not to raise suspicions of the beasts, and we
ran as fast as we could until we got to safety.

Sem threw himself weeping at the neck of our father and said




                                             33
-Father, I've learned the lesson, the emotions of grief and injustice blinded me
and it almost cost us our lives. I've nearly spoiled our mission because of a
wrong view of reality. Please forgive me everybody-.

My father wiped away Sem's tears with his fingers and sat down close to him.

-Son, internal enemies are much more dangerous than the ones you've wanted
to deal with today, from now on you'll have to fight only in the right direction.
You shall know that the world won't be fair to everyone until there is a fair mind
in everyone-.

Tired and in silence, we quickly left the forest of the beasts and now we could
begin to follow the path that my father had traced without knowing what or when
we would have to face adversity again.




                                             34
  CHAPTER IV

-THE DECEPTION OF THE LAKE-

Leaving the forest of the beasts behind we delved into some beautiful lands that
looked like small oasis in the midst of the desert, they were lands that enjoyed a
pleasant climate which caressed the ambience with its gentle breeze that had
palm trees and so many ponds and lakes that it was difficult to find solid ground
to travel through. It was pleasant but strange, with so much water it was
somewhat curious that there were no signs of any living being around it
belonging to the human or animal kingdom.

What could be observed above all around the lakes and ponds were a beautiful
and bizarre vegetation, with varieties and colors of plants and flowers that we'd
never seen previously, many of them also had colossal sizes and their stems
were of such size that they could be mistaken for the trunks of a small tree.

I had a hunch, I sensed that there was little left to overcome our first




  35
test, this huge kingdom called Tamasic that so many adversities and
lessons had given us. I remembered the sign at the entrance, the one
welcoming us to the realm of relaxation and pleasure, and I realized that if
we'd succumbed to either of these two, our lives we would've been trapped
in this kingdom forever. My parents seemed to share that hunch with me, I
could read it in their eyes, although neither of them spoke about it.

After exploring the lands and observing that no danger lurked in the
surroundings, we decided to rest a bit next to one of the ponds. The
children were still small and the vertiginous course that our trip was taking
made them look somewhat tired, though one thing's for sure, they never
lost the joy and strength that characterized them.

I asked my parents for permission to take my brothers for a walk around
the area to observe the bizarre vegetation from much closer. My mother
nodded, but warned me not to get too further away and especially




36
not to touch anything, the place shall remain the same as before our visit
when we decide to leave. I smiled at my mother as a response to her
warnings and took my two brothers by each of my hands.

We laughed and chatted while curiously looking at each of the wonders of
the place. All of a sudden some ripples in the lake water diverted my
attention from the vegetation. If there was movement in the water, it meant
that somehow there could also be life.

I approached cautiously, without letting go off my brothers from my hands
and approached to look into the direction in which the ripples had formed.
Then I was perplexed with what I saw, it was my reflection, but it showed
me something of which I hadn't been aware of until then, my feet were
adorned with gold shackles, shiny and exquisitely carved, but after all,
shackles that prevented to be able to walk freely. I began to shudder with a
spooky sensation that ran through my entire body, I felt pity, pity for myself
for the life of a slave I led, deprived of freedoms and




37
decisions of my own and condemned to comply with the orders of my
parents who blinded me, claiming that all was for my own good and that
one day I'd be ready to make my own decisions.

The more I looked at my reflection the more fueled by this energy I felt, in
some strange way the lake comforted me, it seemed to be the only one I
had truly understood until now.

Beside me, Sem began to look at himself, also astonished in the reflection
of the lake while he repeated aloud:

-It's not fair, I'm deprived of the privileges of the older brother, and also of
the little one, they enjoy all the attention and affection, My older sister
enjoys the freedom of decisions and the youngest enjoys unconditional
affection from my parents, instead, what do I get? Just the leftovers of what
both have discarded as rubbish-. We were both stuck in front of the lake,
my body got heavier and heavier.




38
preventing me from almost being able to move it, I needed to continue
feeling that energy in every cell of my body, it was something strange and
inexplicable, on the one hand, it produced me a lot of pain, but on the
other, I didn't want to stop feeling that energy that the lake was providing
me.

On the other hand, little Levit couldn't see anything different in his
reflection, he saw himself exactly how he was and only worried about
looking at himself in the lake making mocking gestures and motions with
his face and then laughing at his own image, he threw stones for fun and
played around. As he walked the edges of the lake in search of stones, the
little one realized something, the enormous flowers that edged the water,
when they were reflected in it, they showed something different, they had
faces, and in their semblants you could guess feelings of sadness, anger
and bitterness. Some had a frown, other tears in their eyes and thereby
different gestures.

Levit was afraid of what he saw in the mirror and ran to where Sem and I
were, he pulled our hands with force and tried with all his little body to turn
us away from the powerful




39
lake, but was impossible, our bodies were more and more heavier and
immobile and our victimizing discourses got more and more repetitive and
insistent.

Fear increased in the boy's body when he realized that by looking at each
other in the reflection of the water, my legs and Sem's had become roots,
he was aware in that instant that if we stayed there for longer we would end
up becoming one of those huge bitter-faced flowers that surrounded us. So,
he gained momentum and with all his might he charged against us to try to
get us away from the lake, but he was unsuccessful, instead his small and
thin body fell into the water from the impact of the momentum.

Levit fell just above the reflection that the lake was providing me, so for a
few minutes I stopped feeling that heavy energy that fed me and became
aware of the danger my brother's life was running. I remember that closing
my eyes I could feel the accelerated heartbeat of my heart, it was like it
wanted to tell me to act fast, we had no time left, so




40
I just jumped into the water without a second thought to rescue my beloved
brother.

Just as I fell I realized that I'd made a terrible mistake, my mind was still
confused by the energy of the lake and I thought I'd fallen into it with the
shackles on my legs, so it would only be a matter of minutes before I ended
up drowning. But why wasn't it like that? I began to move my legs, there
was nothing that prevented me from doing it, there were simply no gold or
steel shackles, it had all been an illusion, a mirage that thanks to Levit I'd
managed to awaken.

Then I grabbed his little body and pushed it next to mine in order to swim to
dry land, everything was really fast, perhaps a matter of seconds, but the
intensity of the moment made me seem like it had been an eternity.

As I came out I realized that now it was Sem who was at risk, and that I
had to rescue him from his illusion as quickly as possible. I began to throw
stones and branches over his reflection so it would vanish as quickly as
possible and when Sem finally

41
came out from the hypnosis, I grabbed him with all my strength to take him
away from the lake.

Once on the ground Sem began to cry and explained to me that he'd been
a prisoner of the lie in front of that lake, in his heart he felt loved by each
one of his family members, and the lake had led him to hatred and
darkness, feelings that up until now he'd never experienced.

I took my brothers in my hands again and ran in search of my parents to
explain to them what happened as early as possible, I feared they might
have suffered a similar incident.

Luckily when I arrived they were both busy preparing food and gathering
our things for the departure and had not approached the water at any time.

As they heard the story which with a broken voice we explained between
the three of us, my father didn't hesitate for a moment, he hung his
backpack on his back and we abandoned the place with no time to waste.




42
None of us took our eyes off the lakes the rest of the way, and I remember
feeling compassion for the gigantic flowers left behind on the way as I
realized that I could have been one of them had it not been for the purity of
heart that, due to his tender age, Levit still possessed, the lake didn't
manage to deceive him at no point because his tender heart didn't yet
know neither hatred or deceit. This time around the little hero had not
needed more weapons or armor other than his pure heart and his
unconditional love for us.

After a few hours of walking, my father stopped dead when he found an old
and rusty gate again. It indicated that the road had come to an end, at least
as far as the Tamasic kingdom was concerned. We set out to leave all the
weapons and armor we carried behind the gates.

They'd been many battles that we'd won in this kingdom and very different
weapons that we'd used for them, the armor hadn't actually protected us
from any adversity either, but rather breaking away from




43
all armor was what made us winners in the battles of this kingdom.




44
CHAPTER V

-THE WELCOME AT THE RAJASIC KINGDOM-

The following kingdom we encountered was very different, instead of a
rusty gate it had at its entrance an elegant door designed with several
golden arches which hanged a sign that read:

- Welcome to the Rajasic Kingdom the perfect city to live -.

As soon as we entered its beauty surprised us, it had nothing to do with the
thick forests that we'd left behind, it was a city built with beautiful and well-
cared cobblestones, and with numerous floral decorations along all of its
streets. They were very wide and pedestrian avenues where an immense
Sun and a lovely rainbow adorned the blue of the sky.

The first inhabitants we met upon our arrival were the guards of the
kingdom, they were all of great physical size and dressed in black robes
and caps. Their semblants were serious and walked relentlessly on guard
from




45
one side to the other of the front door, they carried no weapons, they just
held in their hands massive woven fabric nets so subtly knitted that seemed
to mimic a giant spider.

We delved into the city under the cautious guidance of my father who
watched every detail he saw as usual to make sure everything was okay. I
remember that something caught my attention, the bad experiences with
the gigantic flowers that we'd left behind in the Tamasic kingdom, made me
pay attention to a huge flower that adorned the gardens and with which I
suddenly made eye contact with, it wasn't a real flower, but a woman
disguised as such, it seemed to be dazzled by the contact of my gaze and I
remember that this seemed something strange to me, why was she not
dazzled under the radiant Sun but was so in our step? I continued walking
and meters later I looked again discreetly towards the flower woman, she
was found whispering in the ear of the guard at the entrance while he made
strange gestures to his comrades as if to alarm.




46
The feeling that this vision produced made me distrust, I felt a tingling down
my spine, but I decided to keep quiet for the time being, after all, it was just
a feeling, I'd wait a little longer until I had more details of the new kingdom.

After a short walk, we ended up at a site in the city that, although outdoors,
it had large canopies that covered part of its streets. Something must be
happening there because it was crowded with citizens who were trying to
advance to a stage that had been set up in the central part of the street. My
father motioned for us to stop and stand on the periphery, away from all the
hustle and bustle, there we set out to wait and find out what was causing
the fuss.

After a short waiting period, a tall and well-dressed man took the stage
accompanied by two guards at his sides, the ovation of the people was
such that I had to place my hands over my ears to lessen the sound
impact. They all shouted the same name in unison:




47
_ Maya, Maya, Maya! -

It didn't take me long to realize that it was the king himself, around him
many other men, also very well dressed up, were sitting at the back of the
stage to listen to the speech.

The King enjoyed the praises and compliments for several minutes before
starting, and immediately afterwards he took a megaphone in his hands
and began with his speech:

-Dear citizens and subjects of mine, as you know and as I promised you,
our harvests have been a success this year and due to the seeds of this
wonderful fruit that I provided, many of you have generated countless
riches which have made our city enjoy great architectural beauty and that
many of you who previously didn't have anything, now form active part of
this important project. The luckiest rejoice in a privileged place in my palace
and trufully I tell you that this is just the beginning, Only I have been able to
provide everything, something that I feel




48
proud and I encourage you to work relentlessly so that our riches increase
more and more, under my sovereign protection, we will all win.

And so, King Maya ended his speech while the ovation from the people
was even greater, the guards had to intervene to calm the surroundings
and prevent some fervent citizens from getting on stage to try to approach
the king. They also began to disperse the crowd, inviting them to leave the
place and head back to their homes.

Only the select group that accompanied the king on stage remained on the
scene after the army's performance.

We too got ready to resume the trip, but soon, two of Maya's guardians cut
us off so that we wouldn't progress, I looked at the stage, and I recognized
the soldier from the entrance who was speaking in the king's ear as he
directed his look towards us. The soldier pronounced himself:

-The Mayan king wants to welcome you strangers, accompany me until his
presence-.




49
My parents exchanged their glances as I had seen them do so many times,
it was an accomplice glance and it meant that they both had to be on alert.

My mother took my brothers in her hands and so we all went to the stage
where the king kept receiving compliments from his companions. He
gestured for us to go up next to him and with a big smile invited us to sit
around him.

-First of all welcome to the Rajasic kingdom, it is an honor for me to receive
the visit of people who are looking for new lands to improve their quality of
life, but please tell me, where exactly do you come from?

My father greeted King Maya with a bow and immediately replied:

-Dear King Maya, we are pleasantly surprised by the beauty of your
kingdom and the kindness of your sovereign, but we are not here to stay,
we are just passing through, we need to arrive to the kingdom of Kali
because we have to fulfill




50
the mission that our Queen Prema has commended us-

The king couldn't hide his disappointment by hearing the names of Prema
and Kali, for his smile immediately disappeared to make way for a gesture
of momentary concern which he quickly disguised under a forced smile.

-I have heard of the kingdom of Prema, which they say is the one with the
most light in all the surroundings, but although this could be the case in the
past, now Maya, my kingdom, stands out above all others with great
difference, and as proof of this, it is in the contentment and veneration that
the people of these lands parade me. So let's do one thing, I will welcome
you at noon in my palace and you will enjoy with me the precious and
exclusive fruit of our kingdom, it is called Mithya, it is an exquisite red fruit
that only grows in our lands and that has magical properties, they bring to
all those who take it everything they need or want, whatever it is, bravery,
wealth, beauty or power. Though only I possess the seeds of this fruit and
its power is proportional to the




51
amount of it taken, I could provide as much as you desire, but in return, you
will have to remain here under my command and devote your efforts to the
cultivation of this fruit-.

Right away he then introduced us to the men who had accompanied him on
the stage of the speech and who drew my attention for the elegant clothes
they wore.

-To my right the count, and to my left the duke, they both saw how their
wealth and positions became greater and greater with the cultivation and
intake of this fruit, and therefore today, they enjoy a privileged place in the
palace to my service-.

My little brothers were fascinated

- A magical fruit! - they constantly repeated while playing with each other.

On the other hand, my parents maintained a serene attitude and on this
occasion it was my mother who spoke to King Maya:




52
-Majesty, we will be delighted to accompany you to the palace this noon,
but first, we must rest a bit from the trip, the children are small and the walk
has been arduous, also, these are not clothes to enter your palace, allow
us to take a bath and put on something according to such a special
occasion and for such magnificent company.

The king smiled delighted, my mother's words praising his greatness
seemed to immediately convince him that such a break was necessary in
order to honor his presence.

Maya, taking my mother's hand, said to my father:

-Your wife is a great lady, I will be happy to send you two palace guards to
fetch you within an hour, while, enjoy your rest and our kind people-.

Thereafter he retired with his guards and his entourage in a stunning
chariot guided by a strange animal, it appear to be a swan, but its color was
black and its neck rather than being down like the common swan, it leaned
upwards




53
as if it were a gesture of arrogance.

When they got far away enough, my father broke the silence:

-We've gained an hour of time to find out what lies behind this kingdom,
neither the king nor his subjects have been able to look us straight in the
eye, this makes me at least suspicious of the light of this place.




54
CHAPTER VI

THE MYSTERY OF THE MITHYA FRUIT

My father's words about the light of the place made me remember the
incident of the woman dressed in flower, the one who seemed to be
dazzled by the contact of my gaze, so I reported it to my family.

The first question that had to be solved according to my father was: Why in
a kingdom with such a radiant Sun its citizens and king seem to get
dazzled by our light?

This obviously was my father's research task, who quickly clarified several
points that had made him suspect from the beginning: - Why are
temperatures so low in the face of such a gigantic Sun? Besides, the
flowers that adorn these streets aren't the featured ones for this type of
climate, lastly, why is it that in a city where everyone is engaged in
agriculture their skins are so pale? -.

My thoughtful mother kept some minute of silence, and then to said to us:




55
Remember the words of Queen Prema, -nothing is as it seems- -.

There was no time to waste, so we began our research task. We stopped
on the lands of some of the peasants with the excuse of needing some
food, and we could observe something quite curious. The further away the
peasants were from the palace of Maya, the less quantity of the fruit of
Mithya they possessed and the more humble was their kind of life; And as
we got closer to the king's home, more and more quantities of these fruits
were found in his lands, instead they were much more afraid of losing them
and they violently pushed us away from their lands so that we couldn't
consume them. Furthermore, the latter were continually working the land
tirelessly. While it is true that none let us taste the revered fruit of Mithya,
there were the most powerful citizens and with the most quantity of it who,
which paradoxically, enjoyed the least of its power, since all their strength
and energy were focused on generating more and more fruits and




56
looking after those who already had as if it were life or death.

This gave us an idea, we would travel the periphery of the kingdom quickly
before our time was up in search of a peasant who held this fruit on their
land, and who could explain the origin of all this mystery.

Our suspicions were confirmed as soon as we started the hyke around the
Rajasic kingdom, here another Sun shone, much smaller than the one we
saw in the city center, but which allowed us to feel the true heat on our skin
and whose rays immediately penetrated our cells making us feel that
familiar feeling from our kingdom, in which everyone and everything were
based on the truth.

We were also able to observe the typical flowers of these lands and the
typical signs for the season of the year.

Gone left behind were the huge but cold Sun, the shimmering
cobblestones, and the fake flowers. Raajasik was nothing but the kingdom
of deceit, but




57
how could we escape from there?, we were sure that the king never would
let us go.

Suddenly we heard a noise and quickly what was a small noise became a
great roar, at least twenty sheep began to occupy the land bleating
incessantly in search of grass to feed. Behind it all we could tell the figure
of the shepherd, he was getting closer, he was an old man with dark skin
and tanned by the Sun, he had old clothes and on his face, behind the long
beards, discerned a friendly gesture.

After verifying that the shepherd could look us directly in the eyes, my
father addressed him:

-Good man, we are citizens of the kingdom of Prema and we need to get to
Kali to fulfill a mission, but we met King Maya on the way, and he insists on
receiving us in the palace to make us taste his fruits.

The old man looked around making sure no other than his




58
thunderous sheep and ourselves were on site.

-Come with me,- he said.

We followed the shepherd and his sheep a couple of miles down and we
reached a humble hut made of dry mud and straw, which he then invited us
to enter.

- Would you like something to drink, you seem tired? -

-No thanks- my father answered politely- we're fine-.

-Okay, I'll have some soup while I speak, the day has been hard and soon
I'll have to go to rest, these old legs are no longer what they were, but hey,
I won't beat around the bush, I will give you this information because
nowadays, these old eyes know how to distinguish light from darkness, and
I see that all of you are radiant beings of light. In this story I will tell you
we'll go back twenty years, this land almost uninhabited belonged to Queen
Kali, the mother of Maya, which after falling into a state of instability and
confusion locked herself




59
in her palace and left these places in the hands of his only heir, Maya.

This is a cunning and greedy king who from the very beginning knew how
to control the power from the minds of our people, hundreds of people had
left the lands of Kali in desperation in search of something better when the
queen fell ill, and we found refuge here in the kingdom of Rajasic to which
the king ironically added the phrase -the best place to live.-

In his travels to the dark lands, Maya, had found the seeds of a fruit that
only grows in the dark and that has the ability to erase people's memory
while creating an incredible addiction for it in the cells of the human body.
But once it's ingested, it deceives the ego of man with wealth, beauty and
power in exchange for just one thing ... his life.

If there is something essential for human life it is the Sun, instead, in those
lands where the fruit of Mithya is planted, the Sun stops shining and is
replaced by a dark and thick fog, that is when the fruit begins feeding




60
from the energy of man growing more and more and throwing ever greater
amounts of darkness, but man, deceived by the false Rajasic sun that
shines through hundreds of bulbs every morning and is controlled by Maya
himself, believes he is surrounded by treasures.

I've never seen fruit more poisonous to the life of a mortal. Fifteen years
ago my son succumbed to the pleasures that this poison offered, attracted
by a different life from the one we enjoyed here, full of pleasures and
comforts and now lost in the kingdom and without memory he begs the king
for more and more quantities of Mithya to in exchange for he letting him live
under the shadow of his dark palace. Like my son, all those who ingest this
fruit begin to enjoy various mirages by way of treasures or riches, but
they're nothing but than a delusion of their pupils that now, genetically
modified by the fruit, cannot even bear the light of the true Sun, it is said
that it could be that if these people looked straight at the Sun they could die
immediately.




61
There is also a social class ladder, the more power a person craved, the
closer the person was to the king, where he seized their light by depriving
them of any capacity for their own action or will. The counts and dukes of
the royal retinue are the biggest puppets of the rajasic kingdom,
surrounded by bright illusion and cold fake silk robes.

As for me, I've always been a man who felt fortunate with his small plot of
land and his twenty sheeps, so I never succumbed to the nectar of this fruit,
now, and after the death of my wife, I live here alone, hidden in this small
piece of land, and there is only one yearning that accompanies me day
after day, not being able to enjoy the company of my beloved son.

We were all silent when the old man concluded, he seemed tired, we
wanted to know the origin of all this maze, and now, we already knew it,
now we had to solve another question, how would we stand up to him?
Then I remembered the rest of the words that Queen Prema told us about
this kingdom: -The battle has only just begun.-




62
CHAPTER VII

-THE FIREFLIES-

Time was running out, in just over twenty minutes the king's guards would
come looking for us to take us to the palace and we didn't want to
endanger the shepherd's hiding place, so we thanked his hospitality and
we took off from place as fast as we could.

My mother motioned for us to stop by a river, her gaze had remained fixed
and for a few minutes she remained motionless like a statue.

Little Levit tugged at her dress.

- What's wrong mom? What are you looking at? -

My mother stroked the little boy's hair without taking her eyes off the river
and with a slight smile she broke the silence.

- Do you remember the year we had locust plagues in our crops? It was
something terrible, I remember that I thought there was no greater evil for a
farmer than a plague of insects




63
--Continue mom- Sem said impatiently-

-Upon entry the city it caught my attention that there were no bees fluttering
the honeycombs and that with so many flowers around, there wasn't a
single insect in all the surroundings furthermore, the guardians of the town
are armed with nets and not with spears, they seemed not to get nervous
by our presence upon arrival in the kingdom, though somewhat anxious to
keep an eye on us.

By all of this I've come to a conclusion:

The real enemies of this kingdom are the insects and not the people whom
the king kindly welcomes to be part of under his rule of all the big delusions
that this kingdom hides. But here comes the most important part, look
there, by the river-

- They are fireflies! - Levit shouted -

- Exactly -my mother replied - and what greater enemy for a fruit of
darkness than an insect of light? -

We all looked at each other smiling.




64
- Quick we must hunt them! -said Sem

-Waita minute! -My father held my restless brother by the shirt and
continued speaking-

Remember that in Nature there are rules that we must comply with if we
don't want them to turn against us, we'll catch the insects without causing
any harm to them or to the vegetation that surrounds them, to do so we'll
use the crochet cardigan that Alexandra is wearing, it'll be our improvised
net and we'll keep the insects in the food basket. We'll take enough so they
help us win the battle, but we'll leave the rest so as not to modify this
habitat. Now, let's get to work! -.

I quickly took off my cardigan and picked up some fireflies as respectfully
as I could.

Our plan had to work, mainly because we didn't have any other up our
sleeves. We would be releasing some of these bugs in each of the lands
that we were to find with this planted fruit. I was nervous, remember how I
felt the sweat




65
slipping through the palms. We started with the lands farthest from the
palace, those in which we had verified that there were less quantity of
Mithya and, how pleasing was our surprise to see what happened when
these light bugs fed on these fruits, they disintegrated almost instantly and
seemed have a rapid impact on the heavy mist of the environment, and
thus, for each disintegrated fruit, the greater the natural light that was
regaining the environment, and directly proportional to this, the more light
there was, the more Mithya fruits began to disintegrate on the ground.



We ran releasing more and more fireflies all over the land, we had almost
reached the palace, we would release all the remaining ones there and
soon it would all be over but, What had happened! Where were the fireflies
at? I realized that when I released them in the last lands, the basket had
remained open and little by little they had escaped along the way; not a
single one of them remained, and worst of all, is that we were in front of the
palace and our time had run out.




66
Slowly the doors were opened and the two guards who had been sent to
greet us, escorted us to the presence of King Maya, who was very
disappointed when he realized that our clothes hadn't been replaced as my
mother had promised, and that, instead, we looked dirtier and more
unkempt than we did upon our arrival.

My mother was quick to give the -king of lies- just the answer he wanted to
hear.

-Your Majesty, I apologize on behalf of our entire family for our deplorable
appearance, but it is so easy to get lost in the wonderful architectural works
of your city, that we have almost forgotten the time we had and we have
exhausted it all going one after another these great and wonderful works of
yours.

Maya immediately changed his expression, he was convinced and
congratulated with my mother's excellent excuse.




67
We all looked at each other trying to buy time, there was no -plan B-, so for
the time being, time would only play in our favor.

My mother kept distracting the king with numerous compliments and
flatteries about this and that of the palace, trying to delay the moment for
lunch in which he would undoubtedly invite us to eat the dark fruit. But soon
there would be no more columns, portraits, and vases to flatter in order to
stay safe.

The inescapable moment had come, the king motioned for the servants to
fill the royal dining room with trays and trays of the fruit of Mithya.

We found ourselves sitting on chairs carved with solid gold and under a
dark glass dome that blocked the entry of light with some creepy portraits
of the king drawn all over the place.

It'd gone too far, the charade couldn't carry on.

- There's no way I'm going to eat, dad, mom, we've got to do something! - I
shouted with great energy -

I'd lost my nerves, and I was standing there not knowing what to do.




68
My parents looked at each other the same way they did the first time we
entered the kingdom, then I realized that I had screwed up, they did have a
plan.

Suddenly my father threw one of the silver trays towards the glass dome on
the ceiling, and it immediately smashed into countless pieces. The light
from a warm and radiant Sun then began to get into the room. My parents
had calculated that it was only a matter of time before the expansion of light
that we'd caused in the rest of the kingdom reached the palace, as if it were
a fire that spreads out more and more in the forests.

The king and his entourage tried to save the fruits that were on the table,
whilst they were disintegrating with dizzying speed.

We were safe, the light of the true Sun had destroyed all the fruits, and they
could never again poison. But what would happen to all these citizens that
the pastor told us would not be able to bear the true sunlight again?
Curious battle this is, in which a simple and small insect of light had
destroyed a gigantic kingdom of darkness, but why had neither the Mayan
king nor the palace entourages died? Maya just seemed to have gone




69
blind just like some of his subjects and guards, others however didn't, why
was that so?

We were able to observe that, after the rupture of the dome, those who ran
to get their treasures rather than trying to save their lives, were gone blind
by the ray of Sun, on the other hand, those who were able to remain
immobile and with their eyes closed appealing for mercy in the depths of
their hearts, managed to remember who they truly were, and thus,
immediately recover the essential DNA that the fruit of Mithya had stolen
from them.

That game of opposites seemed to have ended, light had conquered
darkness, the simplicity of an insect to the complexity of a maze, and lastly,
the honesty of the pure heart to the deceit of the greedy.

After several minutes, the palace gates were brought down by hundreds of
citizens who had recovered their memories and were running to the palace
in search of justice and peace.

The Mayan king, now blind and immersed in his own darkness, could never
rule again and went off on himself until the end of his days.




70
The Rajasic kingdom was abandoned by the people who had inhabited it,
who now, after being masters of their own memories, went again in search
of their origins; and it was thus that together with these people we left these
lands as quickly as we could, but not without first realizing with great joy
that the old shepherd had finally been able to embrace his only desire.




71
CHAPTER VIII

-THE DISAPPEARANCE OF LEVIT-

Magical fruits, beasts, lakes of illusion, all had already been left behind, and
our goal, the kingdom of Kali was already before us, waiting patiently for us
to pass through its doors and culminate our mission. The main thing was to
get to the queen's palace as quickly as possible so as to be able to offer
her the thirst remedy before it was too late.

Kali's entrance was exactly the same as that of our Prema kingdom, only
the sign that indicated her name made the difference. However, when we
delved a little deeper, we realized how what had once been a habitable
zone, had become a pile of dry straw and cracked earth because of the
drought.

I was overcome by a rare sensation of having been here before, perhaps in
dreams, everything seemed to be tremendously familiar to me; it's as if
we've returned to our home and it's become this uninhabitable place. The
background mountains, the smell of the earth and even the




72
color of the sky made it familiar, but with a small but important nuance,
there that in our kingdom Nature and life lived, here in Kali, not even
remnants of Nature were left, or life even less. This made me lose hope,
perhaps despite all our efforts we had arrived too late. On the other hand,
this thought that we all secretly harbored but that we didn't want to express,
especially so as to not worry the little ones, didn't make us give up. At least
if we could only rescue Queen Kali from her insanity, the journey would
have been worth it.

On our way we found numerous deep holes made in the earth, so we
imagined they would have been dug to search for some water.

My father took Sem and put him on his shoulders and my mother did the
same on hers with little Levit, some of those holes were very deep and as
shorter the length of the legs were the greater the danger was.




73
We walked like this for several miles, until it began to get dark, then we
decided to stop to avoid the danger of falling down due to the lack of light.
We would sleep a bit on a piece of firm ground until the dawn light indicated
again that we could continue.

The next morning, concern took hold of all of us, little Levit had
disappeared, we began to search the surroundings looking one by one in
each of the sinkholes in the earth, but we weren't successful. Nor did he
respond to our innumerable calls that were echoed in the midst of the
esplanade.

My father remained serene, but didn't rest for a minute in the search for the
little one, however, after a while my mother broke into tears and groans of
pain, I remember that I was very afraid, I'd never seen her in such a state,
had she lost hope by the way?

Sem looked at me with eyes full of tears and I hugged him tightly, I'm not
really sure if it was




74
comfort him or it was so that his arms gave comfort to me.

My father was disoriented, his qualities as an extraordinary guide had
diminished, it was as if when one of the pieces was missing from the board,
the game was already lost.

Then I became aware of why we had been successful until now in our
adventures, never, come what may we separated, the love that united us
had been our main sustenance and apparently, the only thing we really
needed.

We're all unrecognizable without little Levit, the meaning of his name came
to mind, -the one who unites-, and I thought about the paradoxes of destiny
that had now separated us.

We decided to sit down and think about what to do, or rather, what a five-
year-old kid would do in a place like this, we intended to find out what had
gone through my brother's mind and where he could've gone.




75
The funny thing is that despite the aridity of some of the terrain that we had
crossed before I hadn't felt thirsty throughout the entire trip, but now, and
for the first time, this need was present in my mouth and throat.

My father looked in his backpack for the sketch of the field that he'd drawn
the day before, and realized that it had disappeared, as well as the mango
that he kept for Levit because he knew it was his favorite fruit. This made
us suddenly regain hope, if the map and his ration of fruit were missing it
could only mean one thing, little Levit had started the trip to the palace
alone, surely prisoner of an innocent game.

My father had taught us from a very young age to interpret his maps, maps
that he made for us whenever we had to take a new path, this meant that
all was not lost, we had to start the march to the palace as quickly as
possible, now we had two missions to meet, help the queen and find little
Levit.




76
CHAPTER IX

-THE VALLEY OF OBLIVION-

This place was strange, we'd experienced many difficulties along the way,
but never before had I seen any of us lose our faculties, instead, the more
we went in search of the queen of Kali, the more this feeling increased; the
air got heavier and it became increasingly difficult to breathe, it was a really
dense energy that gave a certain drowsiness, I had the feeling that it was
getting more and more difficult for me to distinguish between dream and
reality.

Despite not seeing any tangible danger aside from the holes in the ground,
a strange feeling of uncertainty invaded my body.

We walked for at least two hours without stopping, in silence, following the
steps of the new sketch that my father had drawn up to replace the one that
Levit seemed to have taken away. Luckily my father's faculties, although
somewhat diminished, didn't seem to have completely disappeared.




77
We then came to the entrance of a valley, on the trunk of a thick tree there
was a hanging sign that said -Valley of Oblivion- and below it, a drawn-up
arrow along with an inscription -Palace 5 km away.-

There was very little left to reach the final goal, surely after that valley, all
would've ended.

My mother then crouched down at the entrance and stroked the mud on the
ground. When I looked at her hand I realized that what she was scratching
with her fingers was a small footprint that we could all distinguish; Little
Levit had some very unique boots that my father had gifted him because on
the sole it had a drawing of a map, which were my brother's main passion
since he was little more than a baby, his main game was always to follow
the maps that my father drew until he reached the precious treasure, which
used to be a piece of rich fruit, given that good food was the other great
passion of my little brother.

This footprint made me forget for a moment the heaviness of the air, and
allowed me to breathe a




78
breath of fresh clean air before entering the valley. It was rather like the
sensation of thirst, I only felt thirsty in the absence of Levit and now, on the
contrary, I breathed fresh air just with the idea of ​finding him again.

My father entered the valley first, as he had done so far throughout the
whole trip, and walked silently observing the surroundings. He always used
the same technique to detect the dangers that could lurk us, but this time
he also had another goal, to look out for any sign that indicated that Levit
had gone off the route.

After only thirty minutes in this valley, everyone except my father began to
feel very tired and had to stop to recharge. I had the feeling that each time
we went further through the valley the meaning of our mission was losing
strength. My mother wasn't the same, her characteristic serenity had left
her and she would raise her voice every five minutes for any little
insignificant thing, and my cheerful and lively brother Sem had stopped
walking with little hops, which was something that had characterized him all




79
along, just like the smile on his face, which also had been lost in the thicket
of this valley.

It was as if we were all silently thinking -I won't be able to.-

My father seemed to be the only one who, despite everything, was so
focused on the map that served him as a guide that perhaps that strong
energy nullified completely the power of the valley.

As for me, the excessive fatigue gradually took hold of my will and every
time I had less desire to be there, in the middle of this absurd mission that
had only brought us problems. On several occasions I was tempted to
abandon the path that my father had set for us and turn around to try to
return alone. Luckily for me, my father made sure that every five we all
stayed together, he always learned from experiences, he told us that
mistake was his best teacher, so he wouldn't let what had happened to my
little brother to be repeated.




80
We felt consoled by saying that Levit wouldn't be
lost as long as he carried the map in his hands,
that time was just barely ahead of us,
and that it was something that sooner or later we
would be able to address.
Suddenly we made out something in the undergrowth, it wasn't
very far, maybe a meter away. My father
hastened to approach the place cautiously and
made a gesture for us to wait still and in
silence. Carefully after having brushed the
scrub aside, he motioned for us to come close.

Little Levit slept behind the bush with the
map in one hand and the chewed mango in
the other; surely he'd been sleeping there for a long time
hunger and fatigue had taken over his body after such a long walk, and
thanks to that, we'd been able to reach him.

My mother ran to hug him, causing my
brother to wake up immediately. Levit smiled
absently and said to my father:
- Do you see, Dad, I am as capable as you of completing
the path by myself? -




81
My father sat next to him with a serious gesture and
said:
-Son, to travel a path like this, the map
is something very important, and that is why I taught you to
interpret them from a very young age, but it's even more
important that you understand that it only
shows the way forward, but the strength to
overcome the obstacles that this entails cannot
be given to you by this guide, but it resides
in our union in the first place as together
we'll be better prepared to face
any difficulty, and the last and most important
thing is to identify and accept role you're meant to play within
the group; Due to your youth and inexperience you're
not ready to be the guide however, your
purity of heart which is caused by the
innocence of your childhood, have helped us along the
way to overcome very dangerous obstacles. You have
endangered your life and that of the entire family
Levit, you must never forget what I have
explained to you today, you will only achieve success
along the way by humbly accepting the role that you're meant
to play.




82
Levit bowed his head in shame, his intention
had never been to put anyone in danger, so he
got up, took my father's hand and said:
-I'm sorry, from now on let one of your
hands be the one that takes hold of the map the other one that
guides me on the way.
My father nodded without adding anything else and placed in
the backpack the map my brother was carrying.
Again we were all together, the words from
my to Levit had made me give some thoughts
about the strange thoughts he was
experiencing in this valley, although Levit had
assumed a role that didn't correspond to him, I
on the other hand had forgotten mine and almost
about to give up under the feeling of -No I can't-
I immediately understood the dangers that
this valley involved and why it was called the Valley of
Oblivion; with its thick air and dark undergrowth it made us
lose the true notion of who we were and why we had come, and thereby
weakened and trapped us under its dark deception.




83
But if from this humility we understood that
we were parts of a whole and we kept
together, not even the thickest valley would manage to cloud the
light of our path.
We resumed our march stronger and more united
than ever, the journey had to continue.




84
CHAPTER X
-THE POWER OF TRUTH-

The last mile we traveled to reach the
palace of Queen Kali, still within the valley
was completely different.
My mother had regained her serenity, Sem his
dreamy gaze and smiley face and
tightly little Levit held my father's hand
as he watched him act as a guide with
admiration and love. And I, had remembered my
true inner strength and discarded it as rubbish
the thoughts of -No I can't- that had
tormented me miles ago.
But finally we were there, in front of that
massive armored door that protected the palace of
Queen Kali. Suddenly shouts were heard in the
vicinity and a puff of dust on the
path warned us that something was approaching
rapidly.
We quickly grabbed the little ones and
hid in the stable of the palace, where
the queen's horses layed and




85
visibly damaged; It was built with
thick wood so in the gap
between the board and the board we found the
chance to see what was going on without being
discovered.
An army of armed men on horseback screamed
and pounded Queen Kali's doors repeatedly shouting a single
word: -Water.-
The horseman leading the army, who seemed
to be the general, then acted as spokesman.
-Queen Kali, order your soldiers to open the
palace doors, we have come to take what
is ours by right as citizens of this kingdom, our water.
We know your men have destroyed our resources just
to quench your relentless thirst, meanwhile
our families are fleeing the kingdom not
knowing where to go and are getting lost in the arid
desert looking for a path to their salvation.
If you open the door and let us take what's
belong to us we'll be lenient with you and
we'll let you keep enough water for




86
your sustenance; On the other hand, if you force us
to bring it down, which sooner or later we'll achieve, we'll
plunder all the water that is in our
path and we'll let you die of thirst locked in your chambers-.
The general's speech made us all uneasy,
if we didn't manage to speak to Queen Kali soon, she
would destroy herself along with what
was once her beloved kingdom.
The army didn't get any response, for
several minutes silence took hold of the
atmosphere, then the man turned to his
men and gave them an order.
-Soldiers, we are going for reinforcements, we will bring
huge trunks of trees and we will bring down the
door, we will leave right away in search of all
the help possible we will meet here at dawn.
That said, the improvised army formed by
what had previously been the citizens of the kingdom,
took their horses and left the palace with
the same scandal and dust with which
we had seen them arrive.




87
We prudently waited a few minutes before
coming out and after checking that no one was
left, we wisely left our hiding place.
We should try to get in as quickly as possible,
we knew that after the army incident the queen was
not going to let us in easily, she could've suspect
 that we were nothing more than unhappy citizens
trying to set her up.
After analyzing the front door, my brother
Sem broke the silence.
-Father, you know well that I have good climbing skills
that over the years of practice I have perfected, if we all
manage to make some sort of ladder with our bodies I
will be able to access the upper part of the door which
is completely covered with prominent ornaments ,
these can serve me as support points, and
easily access to the other side. I will
make sure there is no danger, and after that, I
will open the entrance door for you.
We all kept silent for a while, it really was
the only thing that could work, but it still was
a risky plan for Sem's life.




88
What would happen if the queen's guardians were
behind the doors and mistook him for an enemy?
We all came to the same conclusion, we had to
take risks.
We positioned ourselves like a human tower climbing
one on top of the other, the smallest ones being the ones
who were placed higher, and that is how
Sem climbed through us until he was able to
jump up to the huge knockers on the door,
from that moment on , he began to climb through the
ornaments looking for support points that
stood out the most, it was really true that Sem was
a great climber, it had always been his favorite hobby
which he practiced since he was little in the
mountains of our kingdom, therefore, my brother
managed to get on the very top in a few minutes
and with ease. We saw him peek out carefully and
after looking from side to side he made us a gesture of
agreement by raising his thumb.
After a few minutes the palace door was
opened so that the rest of the family could
pass, apparently Sem had not found any
guard around, in fact, the palace
seemed to be completely deserted and abandoned.




89
The only sound that could be heard in it was that from the
nonstop jets of water falling into the hundreds
of barrels that were stored there.
We shut the door of the palace as
As fast as possible because the thirsty army
wouldn't take long to arrive.
We decided to go in together to look for the queen,
but she didn't play much hard to get, she
was sitting in the main room of the
palace, on her golden throne. She wore ostentatious
robes and a huge, ornate crown set with
thousands of precious stones; in her
hand, a glass of water that had nothing to
envy the impressive crown, and which the
the queen held tightly with both hands. Her
gaze was lost and her lips crinkled
down in concern. Although
we'd heard about the deplorable state of the
queen, this time the reality far
exceeded the numerous chatter.
My mother went t up to her and after
curtsy she began to speak:




90
-Sovereign Kali, we come from the neighboring kingdom of
Prema to give you the remedy for your insatiable
thirst to which you can recover your kingdom and above
all, your health-.
The queen smiled sarcastically at my
mother.
- So the kingdom of Prema, isn't like this,right? Many
of you have already come to my presence
with the same trick, and after having drunk
liters and liters of my precious water, you forget the
promise of the remedy for thirst and you stay
wandering around my palace to be to steal
more and more water that does not belong to you.
We understood that it wasn't going to be easy to make her see
reason, so this time around it was my father
who tried to talk to the queen.
-Sovereign Kali, we do not want a single drop of your
water, in fact we do not need it, we have only
come to tell you that your thirst deceives you and that, if
little by little you prevent it from what it asks for, giving it only
small amounts of water, you'll realize
it wasn't real, in our kingdom we've put




91
a solution many years ago to this evil with this
simple remedy called moderation.-
The queen stared at my father with an air of
mistrust and replied:
-Okay, I'll put you to the test. She
sent for little Levit and after putting
him next to her said:
-Have it little one, grab this glass of water and drink
as much you want-.
Levit, who had learned to restrain himself during
his journey, replied to the queen:
-No thanks, I'm fine ma'am.-
But the queen had learned to read the thirst on
people's faces and she observed that the little
boy denied the cup with his lips, but followed it with
his eyes with an anxious gaze.
Kali smiled pleased, believing she'd
discovered, but she went further and
sent for my brother Sem and made him
the exact same offer.




92
-No thank you, I'm not thirsty- and he moved the glass away
slightly with his hands, he didn't follow it with
his eyes, but the continuous swallowing of saliva that was
noticed in his throat made her smile again,
confirming the suspicions of the queen.
Finally, the queen sent for me
- What is your young lady? -
Madam, my name is Alexandra
-Come and have the water from my glass Alexandra.
Then I closed my eyes and thought about all the way
we'd traveled up here, what we
had suffered, learned and experienced; and
I knew that the end of the mission depended
exclusively on me.
I remembered the days when I lovingly taught
wisdom lessons to my brother
Levit at home, when we'd always end up
travelling through space and time so that we could
stare at the most important things and never forget them.
.




93
So, I did the same thing with the path that
we'd traveled from our departure from Prema
to Kali. I realized that we started from a
kingdom full of love and as we
moved towards Kali, the darkness, the heavy
atmosphere and above all the numerous delusions
were little by little taking us further and further away from the
truth and love characteristic of our native land.
native. We were talking about opposites, and if there is
something that our adventure had taught me, it was
that darkness is only conquered by light,
therefore, the lie should be defeated with a
single antidote, -the truth.- I knew then
exactly what to do.
I took the queen's cup in my hands and took a
single sip, just enough to quench my thirst,
then I placed it back between her fingers and
withdrew.
The queen was so stunned by what had happened that
she dropped the glass with the rest of the water on the floor.
She seemed unable to articulate a word and her eyes
slowly began to fill up with tears,
finally she slumped on her throne and kept
silent for several minutes.




94
After this period, the queen stood up energetically
and grabbed my hands and with her voice
broken by emotion she addressed
me directly:
-I had forgotten what the truth was, for the first
time in many years my thirst has been quenched. I have
understood that only the lie needs to be
fed with large amounts to subsist,
the truth, it simply is, and for that reason
it doesn't need much in order to sustain itself-.

I knew what I felt, when entering the lands of Kali
I myself could experience the same sensation, I'd
forgotten who I really was.
But then my father was quick to interrupt.

-Queen Kali, your people needs you and we have to
act fast if we want to bring them to peace-.
We quickly opened the palace doors and
placed hundreds of barrels that
the queen had in storage for her consumption
at the entrance, thereupon we waited for the army to arrive.




95
The same general we'd seen hours before
got off his horse and looked suspiciously at the queen and
the hundreds of barrels of water that were disposed there.

- What's this, is it a trap? -
The queen looked at the man fixedly in the eyes and told
him:
-Picka barrel of any water and I myself
will drink from it so that you know that it is not
a bluff-.
The general seemed satisfied with the proposal and
randomly pointed to one of the barrels
that was hidden the most. The queen took her
cup, filled it with the water from this barrel, and drank it.
Then, having shown that there wasn't any hoax, she
again refilled her glass with the water from the
same barrel and gently offered it to the
distrustful soldier. He drank from it since the
thirst he'd experienced for so long
was insatiable.
-You must forgive me -said the queen smiling-




96
My eyes have been blinded by the sister of
deceit, greed. Now I have been freed and I
promise to repair all the damage that I have
caused you.
His people knew that she was telling the truth, something that
for years had not been present in the kingdom
of Kali, but that when listened to it comforted the
hearts like the most valuable jug of pure water.
That night Queen Prema had a dream, her
sister Kali had finally recognized her after coming out
from the oblivion, now it was only a matter of time that
together they could rule again under the same
laws, respect and balance and therefore for the
same and one only people, humanity.
As for our family, our work was almost
had finished, before going back we had to
search for the citizens of Prema who had
gotten lost in the oblivion intoxicated by
the waters of Kali, of which they seemed not
to have traces throughout the entire face of the earth. .
But this is a whole other story ...


END




97
98
99
100
